Add known issues to release notes 5 (#65)
SUSE/caasp-release-notes: adoc/release-5.0.0.adoc

== Known Issues

> === In the upgrade process, after the restart of crio and kubelet, some pods might not run properly

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
=== In the upgrade process, after the restart of CRI-O and kubelet, some pods might not run properly
```

> This happens when there are multiple "NotReady" Pods. A workaround is to make sure that there are no PodSandboxs in "NotReady" state before the upgrade by draining the node before upgrading.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest something like this:

This can happen when there are multiple instances of a PodSandbox in a "NotReady" state. As a workaround please make sure to remove any pod in the "NotReady" state using `crictl rmp <podid>`. Further it is advisable to drain the node that is being upgrade before actually starting the upgrade procedure.

Author: I just put your text. Thanks.
